# 5 - P2P!

Alright! Let's do some peer to peer. Up until now, we've been doing client server programs. That
was to show the convenience that node can have as a platform to build network programs. But now, let's
focus on actual peer to peer stuff.

You should start by creating a new file since this exercise is gonna take a new approach than the previous ones.

The first program we are going to write is a program that simply connects to other peers. It doesn't do
anything with the connection yet, it just says that a new connection has been established and that's that.

You would run this program and pass a port for it to run, and the ports of the other expected peers.

If 5 instances of the program are running, there should be a connection between any two instances
(i.e. the network should be fully connected).

## Tips

There is a module on npm called [fully-connected-topology](https://github.com/sorribas/fully-connected-topology), this
module creates a fully connected network based on a list of addresses. Read the docs and you'll be on your way.

To get a list of peers to connect to inside your program passed as command line arguments you could do the following

``` js
var me = process.argv[2] // first argument is gonna be your own address
var peers = process.argv.slice(3) // the rest should be the peers you want to connect to
```

## Testing.

Run this commands in 3 different terminals.

```
node peer.js localhost:3000 localhost:3001 localhost:3002
```

```
node peer.js localhost:3001 localhost:3000 localhost:3002
```

```
node peer.js localhost:3002 localhost:3000 localhost:3001
```

They should all print the new connection message twice.

When you are done [click here to go to the next exercise](06.html)
